Esto es una producción de Choco Inglés.
Escucha esta producción varias veces
hasta que la entiendas bien.
Recuerda que la meta es que puedes
comprender la historia sin ver la lectura.
Valeria arrived home, exhausted and worried.
As she walked into the living room, she
found her parents sitting on the couch,
engrossed in a political debate on TV.
Hi.
Valeria said, her voice tight with frustration.
What are you doing?
David is missing.
Her parents barely looked up from the screen.
Oh, hello Valeria.
We're just discussing the latest news.
Her mother replied, You should join us.
What do you think about the new policies?
Valeria's anger flared.
How can you sit here and watch TV when
your son is out there somewhere, missing?
This is outrageous.
Her father sighed and said, You should
calm yourself.
That's not our problem.
Valeria couldn't believe her ears.
Why do you say this isn't our problem?
Because it's not our business.
Her mother said matter -of -factly.
What do you mean?
Valeria demanded.
He's our relative, my brother and your son
.
No, he's not.
Her father said, You see, when we got
married, we wanted children but couldn't
have one.
One day, the pastor called us.
Come over to my house, please.
He said, When we arrived, he showed us a baby.
We found him in the church basement.
Someone must have abandoned him there,
yet we mustn't do the same.
And I know you want children, and he
can't take care of himself.
The pastor said, So, we took him in.
After all, he was right, we wanted a
baby, and he couldn't take care of himself
. Valeria's face turned pale.
And so?
He's your adopted son, but he's still
your son.
He's still part of our family, we have to
help him.
No, we don't have to.
Her father said firmly, We never
officialized the adoption, and he's
already of age.
Valeria left the house, feeling indignant.
She walked quickly to the church, to
speak with the pastor.
She really didn't use to go to church on Mondays.
But this was an emergency.
She found the pastor praying in one of
the benches.
I'd like to talk with you.
Valeria said urgently, Oh, Valeria, what
a surprise.
Are you getting used to praying and
attending church on Mondays too?
The pastor asked, looking up.
I would like to talk with you.
Valeria repeated.
My parents don't want to help my brother,
and they might change their minds if you
talk to them.
Well, they might or might not change
their minds.
Anyways, tell me what happened.
Anguished, Valeria talked about the
situation with the pastor.
So, I think they should help anyway.
They shouldn't turn their backs on him now.
What do you think about it
?
The pastor listened carefully and said
, Well, let me tell you a story.